PBox is a modular development platform based on DLL Dynamic Library form.  

I. development purpose  
   PBox is a modular development platform based on DLL Dynamic Library form.  
   Based on the principle of minimizing or not modifying the original project source code (including Delphi, VC, QT);  
  
  
II. Development platform  
    Delphi 10.3, win10x64;  
    The code does not use any third-party controls;  
    It refers to the hooklibrary Library of Wu and AES encryption and decryption library of pig meat & flying Wang (this library also refers to CnPack);  
    Thanks to Wu (wr960204), pig head meat, flying Wang and Liu Xiao;  
    Pass the test under win7x64 and win10x64;  
    dbyoung@sina.com  
    QQ group: 101611228  
  
  
III.usage  
    1: Delphi original exe project, modified to DLL project. Output specific functions, the original code without any modification. Put the compiled DLL file in the plugins directory.  
       Example: Module\SysSPath  
       Delphi function declaration:  
       Type  
        {supported file types}  
        TSPFileType = (ftDelphiDll, ftVCDialogDll, ftVCMFCDll, ftQTDll, ftEXE);  
        procedure db_ShowDllForm_Plugins(var frm: TFormClass; var ft: TSPFileType; var strParentModuleName, strSubModuleName, strClassName, strWindowName, strIconFileName: PAnsiChar; const bShow: Boolean = True); stdcall;  
  
    2:the original exe project of VC remains unchanged, and the EXE is compiled. Copy obj and res files generated by compilation (copy the entire directory);  
      Create a new xxx.cpp file and export the db_ShowDllForm_Plugins function. Compile and generate xxx.obj;  
      Connect xxx.obj and the obj and res files generated by the original compiled exe to get the DLL file and put it in the plugins directory.  
      Example 1: doc\VC\dialog\7zip  
      Example 2: doc\VC\dialog\notepad2  
      VC function declaration:  
        enum TSPFileType {ftDelphiDll, ftVCDialogDll, ftVCMFCDll, ftQTDll, ftEXE};  
        extern "C" __declspec(dllexport) void db_ShowDllForm_Plugins(void** frm, TSPFileType* spFileType, char** strParentModuleName, char** strSubModuleName, char** strClassName, char** strWindowName, char** strIconFileName, const bool show = true)  
  
  
IV: description of DLL output function parameters  
    Frm                 : Delphi only. Dll main form class name in Delphi; VC NULL;  
    FT                  : Type of this Dll;   
                          Support:  
                            ftDelphiDll   : The form DLL written by Delphi;  
                            ftVCDialogDll : The form DLL written by dialog mode in VC language;  
                            ftVCMFCDll    : VC language uses MFC form DLL;  
                            ftQTDll       : Form DLL written by QT language;  
                            ftEXE         : EXE file with form;  
    strParentModuleName : Parent module name;  
    strSubModuleName    : Submodule name;  
    strClassName        : VC only; VC DLL main form class name; Delphi null;  
    strWindowName       : VC only; VC DLL main form title name; Delphi null;  
    strIconFileName     : Icon file; can be empty. In PBox configuration, select the icon;  
    bshow               : VC only; display DLL form or not; when VC DLL is called for the first time, it is not necessary to create a display DLL form, just to get parameters.  
  
  
V. features  
    The UI supports menu display, button (dialog box) display and list view display.  
    PBox also supports the display of an EXE form program in our forms. PBox x86 can execute x64 exe, PBox x64 can execute x86 exe.  
  
  
Vi. next work:  
    1. Add database support (because I am not familiar with the database, the development is slow, and it is developed in my spare time)  
    2. Add support for VC MFC DLL / Qt DLL forms;  
  
  